More Info to crawl WorkplaceByFacebook (#29)
coveooss/connectivity-library: WorkplaceByFacebook/readme.md

## Instructions
1. [Create a Custom Integration into Workplace by Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/workplace/custom-integrations-new/).
2. Make sure the Integration has the following access: Read group content, Read user timeline, Read user email, Read group membership, Read all messages, Create link previews, Read work profile, Manage Knowledge Library content and Manage work profiles.
3. Use the `Access Token` as `API Key` in your Generic Rest configuration.
4. [Create 3 Generic REST API Sources](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1896/). One for the content which supports incremental indexing, two for the content which does not support incremental indexing. 

> 5. Use in the three sources the security setup in [SecurityConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/SecurityConfig.json). 

Author: No, I think in the Generic REST config but the user should select the option `Determine by source permissions` in the CS tab.

## Instructions
1. [Create a Custom Integration into Workplace by Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/workplace/custom-integrations-new/).
2. Make sure the Integration has the following access: Read group content, Read user timeline, Read user email, Read group membership, Read all messages, Create link previews, Read work profile, Manage Knowledge Library content, and Manage work profiles.

> 3. Use the `Access Token` as `API Key` in your Generic Rest configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 4. [Create 3 Generic REST API Sources](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1896/): one for the content that supports incremental indexing, two for the content that does not support incremental indexing. 
> 
> 5. Use the [SecurityConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/SecurityConfig.json) security setup in all three sources. 
> 
> 6. Use the [MembersInfoConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/MembersInfoConfig.json) configuration for one of the non incremental indexing sources.
> 
> 7. Use the [IncrementalConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/IncrementalConfig.json) configuration for the incremental indexing source. Make sure to schedule a refresh operation every 10 minutes.
> 
> 8. Use the [NormalConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/NormalConfig.json) configuration for the other non incremental indexing source.
> 
> 9. Add the [FixFacebookURL.py](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/FixFacebookURL.py) extension script to your organization.
> 
> 10. Associate the extension script to the incremental indexing source.
> 
> 11. Make sure you've replaced all placeholders (such as `solutions788` in the URIs) in the configuration with your own values.
> 
> 12. [Create the appropiate fields and mappings](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1896/#completion).

Reviewer: Reordered the steps as follow. Make sure to delete step 3 above.
```suggestion
3. To index your Workplace by Facebook content, you will need to [create three Generic REST API sources](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1896/): one for the content that supports incremental indexing, two for the content that does not support incremental indexing. For each source you create, follow steps 4 to 7.

4. In the **Authentication** section, enter your Workplace by Facebook access token under **API key authentication**.

5. In the **Content to include** section, paste one of the following configurations:

    - For your first non incremental indexing source, enter the [NormalConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/NormalConfig.json) configuration.

    - For your second incremental indexing source, enter the [MembersInfoConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/MembersInfoConfig.json) configuration.

    - For the incremental indexing source, enter the [IncrementalConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/IncrementalConfig.json) configuration.

6. Add the [SecurityConfig.json](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/index/SecurityConfig.json) security configuration to the JSON configuration you provided at step 5. 

7. Ensure you've replaced all placeholders (e.g., `solutions788` in the URIs) in the configuration with your own values.

8. Once you've create all three sources, [schedule a refresh operation](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1933/) every 10 minutes for your incremental indexing source.

9. [Add](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1645/) the [FixFacebookURL.py](https://github.com/coveooss/connectivity-library/blob/master/WorkplaceByFacebook/FixFacebookURL.py) indexing pipeline extension to your organization.

10. [Apply this extension]({{ site.baseurl }}/1936/) to your incremental indexing source.

11. [Create the appropriate fields and mappings](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1896/#completion).

```
